README.md, before:

### 2. 
# first use thr method - document.createElement() like 'div'

# configure The Element -  newDiv.textContent = "Hello, World!";

# insert into the dom - You need to tell the browser exactly where this new element should live by selecting a parent element and appending the child. Like app - parent.appendChild(childeNode);
------------------------------
### 3. How It Works

## When you click a button that is nested inside a div , which is inside a body , the browser triggers the click event in this specific order

# i. the target : first, it first on the    element you actually clicked Button
# ii.  than, it moves up to the div
# iii. the grandparent : the uo to body
# iv. The Root : Finally , it hits the documents and window.
# i.
------------------------------
### 4.Event delegation is instead of attaching an event listener to multiple child element in Javascript. Click the childe and the event "bubbkes" up tp the parents event usinf (  event.target   ) property.
## Why is it Useful-

     - Memory Efficiency

     - Handling Dynamic Elements

     - cleaner Code

-------------------------------
### 5. preventDefault() stops the browser's default action , while stopPropagation() stops thr event from moving up the DOM Tree.
  # i. preventDefault()
      - stopping the from refreshing the page on submit Commonly use that
      - does it stop bubbling? no.
  # ii. stopPropagation()
      - click the button inside a container where the container also has a click listener , and you  only want the button's code to run
      - does if stop te default action? No.If you use this on a submit button, the form will still submit unless you also call preventDefault()

Commit message:

readme file ar complite and sum funtionar change in html

README.md, after:

### 1. There ar differences 
 
  # getElementById("id")
    - return a single element or null

   # getElementByClassName("class")
    - it returns an html collection and live list
    - return an array like collection
   # querySelector("select")/querySelectorAll("select")
   - select with css selectors .class , #id ,div >p 
   - querySelector return only fast match if finds
   - return a NodeList of all matches

### 2. 
# first use thr method - document.createElement() like 'div'

# configure The Element -  newDiv.textContent = "Hello, World!";

# insert into the dom - You need to tell the browser exactly where this new element should live by selecting a parent element and appending the child. Like app - parent.appendChild(childeNode);
------------------------------
### 3. How It Works

## When you click a button that is nested inside a div , which is inside a body , the browser triggers the click event in this specific order

# i. the target : first, it first on the    element you actually clicked Button
# ii.  than, it moves up to the div
# iii. the grandparent : the uo to body
# iv. The Root : Finally , it hits the documents and window.
# i.
------------------------------
### 4.Event delegation is instead of attaching an event listener to multiple child element in Javascript. Click the childe and the event "bubbkes" up tp the parents event usinf (  event.target   ) property.
## Why is it Useful-

     - Memory Efficiency

     - Handling Dynamic Elements

     - cleaner Code

-------------------------------
### 5. preventDefault() stops the browser's default action , while stopPropagation() stops thr event from moving up the DOM Tree.
  # i. preventDefault()
      - stopping the from refreshing the page on submit Commonly use that
      - does it stop bubbling? no.
  # ii. stopPropagation()
      - click the button inside a container where the container also has a click listener , and you  only want the button's code to run
      - does if stop te default action? No.If you use this on a submit button, the form will still submit unless you also call preventDefault()
